where's another ability of the e6 dog
Graham oh this truck is up now
you can see it's a splitter in half and
with you here underneath there all right
there sit and I be able to sit
but little crap has made a crack it here
and then the crack on the other side so
that's all I try the true things like
this now it's a for sale same thing on
this side Jack over here said to get the
to hear the cracks right there and yeah
so so now we'll will fire it up
right now
yeah this track gum it broke just the
day before it's called thanksgiving i
think yeah he's giving you Brooke the
day just before Thanksgiving and yes and
now it's for sale we were hauling wood
from the bush and I guess for too much
wood in the back I'm back here and she
gave up and you can see there's a piece
of rust right there that I took off and
put in the back yeah so now it's for
sale and then it's for parts this guy I
came a few days ago and he said he's
going to buy it so right now we'll fire
it up
still works up pretty good the
carburetor is a bit screwed up but it's
still fires up
yeah so that's good for now
see we have a lot of got a gas in here
that's in above the the 86th dodge ram